doc: new tutorial (first dapp) (#1018)
Consensys/doc.linea: docs/learn/first-dapp.mdx

---

> title: How to build on Linea: a step-by-step tutorial to deploy your first dApp

Reviewer: Should we call it something like "Build a staking dapp" so that we're not creating overlap with the quickstart dapp building guide we have here: https://docs.linea.build/get-started/build/quickstart/deploy

Author: Got it, I'll change it to Build your first dapp on Linea

description: A step-by-step guide to building your first dApp on Linea.
---

## Gm developers 👋

> Today we're going to learn together how to create a dapp that will allow a web3 degen to stake certain tokens in your contract! 🔥

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today we're going to learn how to create a dapp that will allow a web3 degen to stake certain tokens in your contract! 🔥
```

> We'll be using the Linea blockchain ⛓️ for this tutorial. It's a zk-rollup EVM equivalent, fully EVM-compatible and 100% proven, with advantages such as high speed and low costs.

Reviewer: aren't we only going to be 100% proven with beta v2?

> You can get some Linea Sepolia (testnet) ETH [here](https://www.infura.io/faucet/linea). 

Reviewer: I think Matthieu's preferred flow for builders to get Sepolia ETH is to ask on Discord: https://docs.linea.build/get-started/how-to/get-testnet-eth#linea-discord

> > ℹ️ As Linea uses the **London** version of Ethereum, a small number of recent opcodes are not available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info

As Linea uses the **London** version of Ethereum, a small number of recent opcodes are [not available](../get-started/build/ethereum-differences.mdx#evm-opcodes).

:::
```

Adding to an admonition for better formatting. Also would be good to confirm this link works, hard to test outside a code editor

Author: We can add the absolute link to be sure it's working https://docs.linea.build/get-started/build/ethereum-differences (I'll do it in my next commit)

> 

> ### Requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Requirements
```

best to avoid punctuation in headings where possible

- Basic blockchain and web development knowledge
- A setup Metamask wallet (be sure to download it from [metamask.io](https://metamask.io))
- [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager) and your favorite package manager ([pnpm](https://pnpm.io/installation) | [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v10/configuring-npm/install) | [yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install/))
    

>     > ℹ️ Versions used for this tutorial: `node 20.11.1` & `pnpm 9.9.0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info

Versions used for this tutorial: `node 20.11.1` & `pnpm 9.9.0`

:::
```

            whitelistedTokens[tokens[i]] = true;
        }
    }

    function stake(address _token, uint256 _amount) public {
        require(whitelistedTokens[_token], "Token is not whitelisted");
        require(_amount > 0, "Amount must be greater than 0");
        IERC20 token = IERC20(_token);
        require(token.transferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), _amount), "Token transfer failed");
        stakedBalances[msg.sender][_token] += _amount;
        emit Staked(msg.sender, _token, _amount);
    }

    function withdraw(address _token, uint256 _amount) public {
        require(whitelistedTokens[_token], "Token is not whitelisted");
        require(_amount > 0, "Amount must be greater than 0");
        require(stakedBalances[msg.sender][_token] >= _amount, "Insufficient staked balance");
        IERC20 token = IERC20(_token);
        stakedBalances[msg.sender][_token] -= _amount;
        require(token.transfer(msg.sender, _amount), "Token transfer failed");
        emit Withdrawn(msg.sender, _token, _amount);
    }

    function isTokenWhitelisted(address _token) public view returns (bool) {
        return whitelistedTokens[_token];
    }
}
```

> This is a simplified version of a staking contract with whitelist, so let's take a moment to explain it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a simplified version of a staking contract with an allowlist, so let's take a moment to explain it:
```

best to stick with allow/denylist for more inclusive language than the alternative

Author: We can modify it, it's based on a solidity by example contract + a few custom changes but I don't remember where I found this, I did it a while ago.

The workaround is just to rewrite it, redeploy it and change the ABI

Author: I can do it but not today

Reviewer: okay, I think it's a change worth making, so if you're willing to, that's great. I think general usage across Consensys is allowlist + denylist

> - This contract allows you to virtually stake any ERC20, and contains the two basic functions "stake" and "withdraw".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This contract allows you to virtually stake any ERC-20, and contains the two basic functions "stake" and "withdraw".
```

> - The whitelist is set up when the contract is deployed; there are other versions where the whitelist can be modified, usually by the owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The allowlist is set up when the contract is deployed; there are other versions where the allowlist can be modified, usually by the owner.
```

![First two steps (1 & 2)](/img/learn/first-dapp/tutoremix_1.png)

First two steps (1 & 2)

1. Then go to the *Solidity Compiler* tab.
2. Select the london version in the EVM Version list under Advanced Configurations (to avoid any compatibility problems, even if there won't be any with this contract).
3. Click on the *Compile* button.
    
    You can also get the ABI on this page, after compiling the code, you'll see this below the compile button:
    
    ![image.png](/img/learn/first-dapp/image.png)
    
    You can copy the ABI using the button at the bottom. Save it in a json file, as you'll need it later.
    

![Steps 3 to 5](/img/learn/first-dapp/tutoremix_2.png)

> Steps 3 to 5

Reviewer: I still think these need some attention. I don't know if I'm misunderstanding, but the numbers don't seem to match up? 

They also just feel a little confusing. E.g. in the earlier one (line 91), it feels confusing to have an image that relates to "Steps 1 and 2", which is simultaneously:
- referring _back_ to steps above it 
- situated immediately before another list that has another step 1 and another step 2

...so it feels unclear what it's showing, at least at first. I think the layout could be a bit more intuitive. This applies to all the images that have these labels. 

Another suggestion is to make these images labels stand out somehow — even just bolding or italicising them would help. Let me know if I can explain better!

> Steps 3 to 5

Author: Hmm the purpose was to have those labels under images to highlight what the screenshot is showing
Italicising them is a good idea

1. Finally, we're ready to deploy the contract. To do this, go to the *Deploy* tab.
2. Select your injected provider (for us, Metamask) as environment. You'll get a connection request that you'll have to accept.
    - What should I do if my injected provider doesn't appear? 🆘
        

>         It may happen that your injected provider does not appear by default. If this happens to you, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If your injected provider does not appear by default, follow these steps:
```

        
        1. Click on *Customize this list* at the very bottom of the environment list. A page will open in remix.
        2. You should see your injected provider here. Simply click on the box at the top right and it should appear at the top of the list.
        
        ![Troubleshoot: injected provider not in Environment list](/img/learn/first-dapp/tutoremix_troubleshoot1.png)
        
        Troubleshoot: injected provider not in Environment list
        
3. Check that the contract is the one you want to deploy.
4. Enter the list of tokens you want to whitelist. For this tutorial, I've deployed 3 ERC20 contracts that you can use (you can copy and paste directly into the field): 

```solidity
["0x46871676658472B99720F2a368CDa6430c1647b9","0xB7D70343639aF53a02f6ea7d9cde240fc72de6Dd","0x66a6F52C2100FB82EE21FD1380b4D516CB540c93"]
```

> Those ERC20 contracts are verified so you can interact with them directly on LineaScan to mint some tokens. Put your address and the number of tokens you want (don't forget that if you want 1 token you have to put 1e18, e.g., 100000000000000000)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Those ERC-20 contracts are verified so you can interact with them directly on Lineascan to mint some tokens. Put your address and the number of tokens you want (don't forget that if you want 1 token you have to put 1e18, e.g., 100000000000000000)
```

- [Mint link for COFFEE](https://sepolia.lineascan.build/address/0x46871676658472b99720f2a368cda6430c1647b9#writeContract#F3)
- [Mint link for TEA](https://sepolia.lineascan.build/address/0xb7d70343639af53a02f6ea7d9cde240fc72de6dd#writeContract#F3)
- [Mint link for WATER](https://sepolia.lineascan.build/address/0x66a6f52c2100fb82ee21fd1380b4d516cb540c93#writeContract#F3)
1. Finally, click on deploy and confirm the transaction in Metamask. You should see success logs appear in the console at bottom right. The contract address can be copied by going to recorded transactions (under the deploy button), but you can also find it by searching for your address on the [Sepolia Linea explorer](https://sepolia.lineascan.build).

![Steps 6 to 10](/img/learn/first-dapp/tutoremix_3.png)

> Steps 6 to 10

Reviewer: ?

Let's begin! 🔥

1. Run this command: `pnpm create @rainbow-me/rainbowkit@latest` and choose a project name.
2. Then run `cd yourprojectname` and open the project in your favorite IDE (eg: `code .` to open it in VS Code).
3. Now you can configure the chain to Linea Sepolia by modifying the `src/wagmi.ts` file:

```tsx
import { getDefaultConfig } from '@rainbow-me/rainbowkit';
import { lineaSepolia } from 'wagmi/chains';

export const config = getDefaultConfig({
  appName: 'Linea Token Staking App',
  projectId: 'YOUR_PROJECT_ID',
  chains: [lineaSepolia],
  ssr: true,
});
```

1. We need configure the project and setup some styling. We'll use `shadcn` with `tailwindcss` to make it easier:

```bash
pnpm install -D tailwindcss postcss autoprefixer lucide-react
npx tailwindcss init -p
npx shadcn-ui@latest init
```

Then press `enter` each time to choose the default parameters (if you are an expert, feel free to use your preferred config).

> Depending on your system, you might have some differences (we love config 🙃), so i'll guide you to be sure we have the same configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your system, you might have some differences (we love config 🙃), so I'll guide you to be sure we have the same configuration:
```

a. You should have an `app` folder, with a `global.css` file inside. You can move it to `src/pages/globals.css` and edit the import at the top of `_app.tsx`:

```tsx
import './globals.css';
```

b. Shadcn works by manually adding each component with the `pnpm dlx shadcn-ui@atest add <component>`, so be sure to do it for each import. Run this command to add all the components we'll use:

```bash
pnpm dlx shadcn-ui@latest add tabs button card input label popover command
```

c. You also have a folder containing two folders `components` and `lib`. You can move them under `src` —> `src/components` and `src/lib` .

d. Verify that in the `tsconfig.json` file that you have this under `compilerOptions`:

```tsx
"compilerOptions": {    
		...,
		"paths": {
      "@/*": ["./src/*"]
    }
}
```

> e. Finally we can delete the empty folders (might vary depending on your system, but you should have an empty `app` folder at least). Also, if you have both `tailwind.config.js` and `tailwind.config.ts`  you should remove the useless `tailwind.config.js` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
e. Finally we can delete the empty folders (these might vary depending on your system, but you should have an empty `app` folder at least). Also, if you have both `tailwind.config.js` and `tailwind.config.ts` you should remove the useless `tailwind.config.js` file.
```

> The configuration is finally done, you should have a project structure like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration is finally done. You should have a project structure like this:
```

```bash
src
├── components
│   └── ui
│       ├── button.tsx
│       ├── card.tsx
│       ├── command.tsx
│       ├── dialog.tsx
│       ├── input.tsx
│       ├── label.tsx
│       └── popover.tsx
├── lib
│   └── utils.ts
├── pages
│   ├── _app.tsx
│   ├── globals.css
│   └── index.tsx
└── wagmi.ts
```

> 1. We are now ready to integrate our contracts and build the main interface! We'll do that in the `src/pages/index.tsx` file that will be our main page. You can remove the content in this file and start from scratch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. We are now ready to integrate our contracts and build the main interface! We'll do that in the `src/pages/index.tsx` file, which will be our main page. You can remove the content in this file and start from scratch.
```

>     Let's start by defining an empty page with a connect button and some useful debug information. We use the `ConnectButton` from rainbowkit to handle the wallet connection, and we use the `useAccount` hook from wagmi to get the connected account information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Let's start by defining an empty page with a connect button and some useful debug information. We use the `ConnectButton` from RainbowKit to handle the wallet connection, and we use the `useAccount` hook from Wagmi to get the connected account information.
```

    

```tsx
import type { NextPage } from 'next';
import { ConnectButton } from '@rainbow-me/rainbowkit';
import { useAccount } from 'wagmi';

const Home: NextPage = () => {
  const account = useAccount();

  return (
    <div className="bg-background w-full h-screen flex items-center justify-center">
      {/* Top right corner: Wallet informations */}
      <div className="absolute top-0 right-0 p-4">
        <ConnectButton />
      </div>

      {/* Bottom left corner: Debug informations */}
      <div className="absolute text-xs text-gray-500 bottom-0 left-0 p-4">
        status: {account.status}
        <br />
        address: {JSON.stringify(account.address)}
        <br />
        chainId: {account.chainId}
      </div>
    </div>
  );
};

export default Home;
```

> 1. You can now run `pnpm dev` and go to [`http://localhost:3000/`](http://localhost:3000/) in your browser. Try to connect your wallet, rainbowKit should automatically ask you to switch to Linea Sepolia. Verify that chainId is `59141` in the debug information corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You can now run `pnpm dev` and go to [`http://localhost:3000/`](http://localhost:3000/) in your browser. Try to connect your wallet; RainbowKit should automatically ask you to switch to Linea Sepolia. Verify that the `chainId` is `59141` in the debug information corner.
```

2. Now that we have our frontend set up, our wallet connection working and our chain set to Linea Sepolia, we can move to the next part: interacting with the contract 🥳
    

>     Copy and paste this code on top of `index.tsx`, it's a simple staking card design:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Copy and paste this code for a simple staking card design at the top of `index.tsx`:
```

                      type="number"
                    />
                    <Button
                      type="submit"
                      variant="secondary"
                      onClick={() => setAmountToUnstake(amountStaked)}
                    >
                      Max
                    </Button>
                  </div>
                </div>
                <Button
                  className="w-full mt-4"
                  onClick={() => {}}
                  disabled={disabled || amountStaked === 0}
                >
                  Unstake
                </Button>
              </TabsContent>
            </Tabs>
          </CardContent>
        </Card>
      );
    };
    ```
    
    We'll not explain much this code as it's mostly React state management. We define the list of tokens as a constant to simplify. The `StakingCard` component handles all the token selection and inputs as well. 
    
    We can then add it to the page (in React, it means you have to put this code in `return( ... )`:
    
    ```tsx
    {/* Main content */}
    <StakingCard
      account={account}
      disabled={account.status !== "connected"}
    />
    ```
    

> 3. For now, nothing is connected to the blockchain. You can note that the `mockFetchAmountStakableForToken` and `mockFetchAmountStakedForToken`  functions just return a constant. We will use the `useReadContracts` hook for this purpose. We are also using `useWatchBlockNumber` to re-read the state on each new block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. For now, nothing is connected to the blockchain. Note that the `mockFetchAmountStakableForToken` and `mockFetchAmountStakedForToken`  functions just return a constant. We will use the `useReadContracts` hook for this purpose. We are also using `useWatchBlockNumber` to re-read the state on each new block.
```

>     Before doing that, let's create an `abi.json` file in `src/pages` and paste the ABI from the smart-contract (step 5 from the first part if you lost the file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Before doing that, let's create an `abi.json` file in `src/pages` and paste the ABI from the smart contract (step 5 from the first part if you lost the file).
```

    
4. You need to define the contract address and ABI:

```tsx
import { useAccount, useReadContracts, useWatchBlockNumber } from "wagmi";
import { erc20Abi } from 'viem'
import CONTRACT_ABI from "./abi.json";
const CONTRACT_ADDRESS = "0x2df41652713069B8f05539d9E0E93ADaffCAcA78";
```

> 1. Now you can remove the previous mocked part with this new one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Now you can remove the previous mock part with this new one:
```

  useWatchBlockNumber({
    onBlockNumber(blockNumber) {
      setBlockNumber(blockNumber);
    },
  })

const { data, isSuccess, isLoading } = useReadContracts({
	allowFailure: false,
	blockNumber,
	contracts: [
	  // Token decimals
	  {
	    address: token,
	    abi: erc20Abi,
	    functionName: "decimals",
	  },
	  // Stakable
	  {
	    address: token,
	    abi: erc20Abi,
	    functionName: "balanceOf",
	    args: [account.address],
	  },
	  // Staked
	  {
	    address: CONTRACT_ADDRESS,
	    abi: CONTRACT_ABI,
	    functionName: "stakedBalances",
      args: [account.address, token],
	  },
		//Allowance
    {
      address: token,
      abi: erc20Abi,
      functionName: "allowance",
      args: [account.address, CONTRACT_ADDRESS],
    },
	],
});

useEffect(() => {
	if (isSuccess) {
	  const decimals = data?.[0] ?? 18;
	  const stakable = Number((data?.[1] as bigint) ?? 0) / 10 ** decimals;
	  const staked = Number((data?.[2] as bigint) ?? 0) / 10 ** decimals;
	  setAmountStakable(stakable);
	  setAmountStaked(staked);
	}
}, [data]);

useEffect(() => {
      setAmountToStake(0);
      setAmountToUnstake(0);
  }, [token])
```

- Optional animation:
    

>     We can use the `isLoading` boolean to add some animation when we are fetching on the two Inputs of Stake and Unstake:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We can use the `isLoading` boolean to add animation while fetching values for the two inputs, "Stake" and "Unstake":
```

    
    ```tsx
    <Input
      id="amountToUnstake"
      value={amountToUnstake}
      className={isLoading ? " animate-pulse" : ""}
      onChange={(e) => {
        const value = Math.min(
          Number(e.target.value),
          amountStaked
        );
        setAmountToUnstake(value);
      }}
      disabled={disabled || amountStaked === 0}
      type="number"
    />
    ```
    

> If you choose a token on your dapp now, the frontend should automatically fetch the token decimals, available balances and staked balances. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose a token on your dapp now, the frontend should automatically fetch the token decimals, available balances, and staked balances. 
```

      <Loader2 className="animate-spin" />
    ) : (
      <p>Approve</p>
    )}
  </Button>
) : (
  <Button
    className="w-full mt-4"
    onClick={() =>
      writeContract({
        abi: CONTRACT_ABI,
        address: CONTRACT_ADDRESS,
        functionName: "stake",
        args: [token, amountToStake * 10 ** (data?.[0] ?? 18)],
      })
    }
    disabled={disabled || amountStakable === 0 || isPending}
  >
    {isPending ? (
      <Loader2 className="animate-spin" />
    ) : (
      <p>Stake</p>
    )}
  </Button>
)}
  
	//...
	
  <Button
    className="w-full mt-4"
    onClick={() => {}}
    disabled={disabled || amountStaked === 0}
  >
    Unstake
  </Button>
  <Button
    className="w-full mt-4"
    onClick={() =>
      writeContract({
        abi: CONTRACT_ABI,
        address: CONTRACT_ADDRESS,
        functionName: "withdraw",
        args: [token, amountToUnstake * 10 ** (data?.[0] ?? 18)],
      })
    }
    disabled={disabled || amountStaked === 0 || isPending}
  >
    {isPending ? <Loader2 className="animate-spin" /> : <p>Unstake</p>}
  </Button>
  
	//...
)
```

And voilà! 🎉 You should be able to easily stake and unstake from the list of whitelisted tokens.

> This frontend part only demonstrated read and write operations. Most hooks of wagmi return lots of data such as `isLoading` or `error`, which is really useful for building reactive and beautiful frontends so be sure to check the documentation. We also omit error handling here for simplicity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This frontend part only demonstrated read and write operations. Most Wagmi hooks return lots of data such as `isLoading` or `error`, which are useful for building reactive and beautiful frontends, so be sure to check the documentation. We also omit error handling here for simplicity.
```

> Lastly, we can listen for events to dynamically update the frontend. So I'll let this part as an exercise to go further (hint: you can use [watchContractEvent](https://wagmi.sh/core/api/actions/watchContractEvent) or [watchAsset](https://wagmi.sh/core/api/actions/watchAsset))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, we can listen for events to dynamically update the frontend. I'll leave this to you as an optional exercise if you want to go further (hint: you can use [`watchContractEvent`](https://wagmi.sh/core/api/actions/watchContractEvent) or [watchAsset](https://wagmi.sh/core/api/actions/watchAsset))
```

---

I hope you enjoyed following this tutorial about how to create a simple staking contract on Linea 🧑‍💻 See you soon for a new one!

Gwen, DevRel @Consensys

Find more content about Linea on my X: [https://x.com/Gwenole_M](https://x.com/Gwenole_M)

> ## Additional Resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Additional resources
```

    disabled={disabled || amountStaked === 0}
  >
    Unstake
  </Button>
  <Button
    className="w-full mt-4"
    onClick={() =>
      writeContract({
        abi: CONTRACT_ABI,
        address: CONTRACT_ADDRESS,
        functionName: "withdraw",
        args: [token, amountToUnstake * 10 ** (data?.[0] ?? 18)],
      })
    }
    disabled={disabled || amountStaked === 0 || isPending}
  >
    {isPending ? <Loader2 className="animate-spin" /> : <p>Unstake</p>}
  </Button>
  
	//...
)
```

And voilà! 🎉 You should be able to easily stake and unstake from the list of allowlisted tokens.

This frontend part only demonstrated read and write operations. Most Wagmi hooks return lots of data such as `isLoading` or `error`, which are useful for building reactive and beautiful frontends, so be sure to check the documentation. We also omit error handling here for simplicity.

Lastly, we can listen for events to dynamically update the frontend. I'll leave this to you as an optional exercise if you want to go further (hint: you can use `watchContractEvent`(https://wagmi.sh/core/api/actions/watchContractEvent) or `watchAsset`(https://wagmi.sh/core/api/actions/watchAsset))

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

                          Number(e.target.value),
                          amountStaked
                        );
                        setAmountToUnstake(value);
                      }}
                      disabled={disabled || amountStaked === 0}
                      type="number"
                    />
                    <Button
                      type="submit"
                      variant="secondary"
                      onClick={() => setAmountToUnstake(amountStaked)}
                    >
                      Max
                    </Button>
                  </div>
                </div>
                <Button
                  className="w-full mt-4"
                  onClick={() => {}}
                  disabled={disabled || amountStaked === 0}
                >
                  Unstake
                </Button>
              </TabsContent>
            </Tabs>
          </CardContent>
        </Card>
      );
    };
    ```
    
    We'll not explain much this code as it's mostly React state management. We define the list of tokens as a constant to simplify. The `StakingCard` component handles all the token selection and inputs as well. 
    

>     We can then add it to the page (in React, it means you have to put this code in `return( ... )`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We can then add it to the page (in React, it means you have to put this code in `return( ... )`):
```

    
    ```tsx
    {/* Main content */}
    <StakingCard
      account={account}
      disabled={account.status !== "connected"}
    />
    ```
    

> 3. For now, nothing is connected to the blockchain. Note that the `mockFetchAmountStakableForToken` and `mockFetchAmountStakedForToken`  functions just return a constant. We will use the `useReadContracts` hook for this purpose. We are also using `useWatchBlockNumber` to re-read the state on each new block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. For now, nothing is connected to the blockchain. Note that the `mockFetchAmountStakableForToken` and `mockFetchAmountStakedForToken`  functions just return a constant. We will use the `useReadContracts` hook for this purpose. We are also using `useWatchBlockNumber` to reread the state on each new block.
```

    disabled={disabled || amountStaked === 0}
  >
    Unstake
  </Button>
  <Button
    className="w-full mt-4"
    onClick={() =>
      writeContract({
        abi: CONTRACT_ABI,
        address: CONTRACT_ADDRESS,
        functionName: "withdraw",
        args: [token, amountToUnstake * 10 ** (data?.[0] ?? 18)],
      })
    }
    disabled={disabled || amountStaked === 0 || isPending}
  >
    {isPending ? <Loader2 className="animate-spin" /> : <p>Unstake</p>}
  </Button>
  
	//...
)
```

And voilà! 🎉 You should be able to easily stake and unstake from the list of allowlisted tokens.

This frontend part only demonstrated read and write operations. Most Wagmi hooks return lots of data such as `isLoading` or `error`, which are useful for building reactive and beautiful frontends, so be sure to check the documentation. We also omit error handling here for simplicity.

Lastly, we can listen for events to dynamically update the frontend. I'll leave this to you as an optional exercise if you want to go further (hint: you can use [`watchContractEvent`](https://wagmi.sh/core/api/actions/watchContractEvent) or [watchAsset](https://wagmi.sh/core/api/actions/watchAsset))

> ---

Reviewer: this doesn't appear to render, so might be good to switch out with some other kind of divider, or just delete altogether. 

I think it's being interpreted as the opening of a YAML front matter block (i.e. as in line 1).
